Feature: add canVote() (#77)
aragon/sdk: javascript/modules/client/CHANGELOG.md

-->

## [UPCOMING]
### Added

> - Add canVote method and estimation to address list client and erc20 client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding the `canVote` getter to the address list and ERC20 clients
```
